Wiki is website which has RCS as database and allows its users
to become its page authors.Wiki is course specific that is you can
see only pages of that course in whch you are registered.

Page Wiki.vm
------------
------------
This is Index Page of Wiki
On top there are links for
1)Create Page
	This creates new page for writing.As soon as page is created it is visible
	to all.
2)Control Wiki
	This allows Primary Instructor (only not secondary instructors) to
	allow changed done by students on already created pages to be visible.

Next there are two search options
1)Find Pattern
	This searches for particular word in all visible pages in Wiki.
	This displays list of all pages containing that word.
2)Find Pages
	This displays list of pages whose page names contains the given  word.

Next there will be "List of My Pages".
	This displays user specific pages .
Next there will be "List of All pages".
	This displays list of all visible wiki pages.


In these list following column will be there 
1)serial number
2)Page name (in hyperlink) this  will take you to Edit Page.
	Edit is possible in all created pages ,BUT YOU WILL NOT SEE THE CHANGES
	IN PAGE DONE BY YOU UNLESS THEY ARE APPROVED BY INSTRUCTOR.
3)author name ,this is the person who started this page.  
4)Date last modified.
5)Log of all people who did some changes to the Page .
	This is  a hyperlink to Log of that page.




Page Adminwiki.vm
--------------
-------------
1)There will be instructions running below navigation bar.
2)In red font there will be list of all pages on which instructor has 
  disabled Edit option.
3)Next there will be many buttons and a form which has Page name and version 
  number option.
4)List of buttons and there uses.
	1)Show Page
		This shows page according to version number .When one edits a page
		Wiki actually saves the page by a version number.To retrieve that pag		     e one just has to give Page name and version number.When no version 
		number is given ,last version is displayed.
	2)Show Merged Page 
		This shows page that was  approved by instructor.Actually there is
		separate folder which keeps last 20 approved changes.This button 
		picks up page from that folder.Note as only last 20 changes are saved
		so after 20 versions are over you will see from version 2 to 21
		not from 1 to 21 likewise version 80 to 100 .To retrieve that page 
                one just has to give page name and version number.When no version
                number is given ,last version is displayed.
		 
	3)Show Changes
		This button will show changes  in the page versions with respect to
		last changed page.It will changes all pages.
	
	4)Show Merge Changes
		This is same as Show changes only difference is it compares the 
		approved pages only.
	5)Show Original
		This option shows original page.Note that version 1.1 may not always 
		the original page as button save origanal may change the original page.
        6)Save Original
		This option saves original page.Note there will be no new version that
		will store the original page.Original Page is kept in separate folder.
		This button is used when you want to overwrite original page by given
		page version .Also useful to set back origanal to last nth approved page.
	7)Remove Changes
		This option removes all the current versions made by students.It does
		not remove approved versions.This option is to be used when one has
		visted all pages.
	8)Remove Page
		This option completely removes any page.This option has to be used 
		to remove useless pages.
	9)show Log
		This option shows log information of a page.This will tell you which 
		version was written by which person .This button is useful to identify
		page editors.
	10)Disable Edit
		This will disable edit option on page ,though page will be viewable .
		this has to pressed before starting to merge changes in original page.
		After you press this button following things will happen:
		1)Just above buttons you will see the page name in red font.
		2)two more buttons will be visible Merge now Merge Done
		3)No student will be able to edit the page.
	11)Enable Edit
		This will remove restriction of Edit on that page.
	
	12)Merge Now
		This button is useful to merge the given page with original page.
		You can merge any number of times.If there is conflict during 
		merge ,you will have to remove the conflict by Save Merge Page 
		button .Following things happen after you press Merge now:
		You will see only 5 buttons merge now ,merge done ,Show conflict merged
		  Save merged Page and  show Log.
		Do not forget to press Merge done after you finish merging. 
	13)Merge Done
		This option actually saves the merged page to original page 
		and makes new version in approved  page folder. If there is 
		conflict on merge and you clicked on merge done without removing
		the conflicts you will face trouble in merging on that page next time.
		You will get warning that page has conflicts and it cannot be merged.
		In that case just remove conflicts and press Save Merged Page button.
	14)Show Conflict Merged		
		This option displays current Merged Page.

	15)Save Merged Page
		This option helps to rewrite the merged page also to remove 
		the conflict.Note Wiki thinks conflict is removed 
		when "<<<<<<<" is removed from last line.So DON'T KEEP <<<<<<<
		IN LAST LINE OF ORIGINAL PAGE.

  		
	

Install Wiki on windows
-----------------------
-----------------------

	If you need RCS-based version control for your Wiki installation on a Windows machine,
	download the implementation from http://www.cs.purdue.edu/homes/trinkle/RCS/. 
	You only need the executables in the win32 directory of the rcs57pc1.zip.

	The RCS executables will not work unless you set:

    	* PATH environment variable to point to the location of the executables
    	* TZ environment variable to a value suitable for your locale 
    	* You also may need to set the LOGNAME environment variable; 
	

FAQ on Wiki
--------------------
-------------------
Student FAQ
------------
que(01)how do I create page?
answer::Just click on Create Page hyperlink on top Wiki home page.
que(02)how do I edit page?
answer::Just click on hyperlink of page name in List of Pages.
que(03)Why are not my changes visible ?
answer::Any change done on any page is visible only after approval from 
	instructor.
que(04)Why I am able to see the page I have created ?
answer::The page created is visible as soon as it is created,but if it is worthless
	it may be removed by the instuctor
que(05)Why is sometimes Edit button disabled?
answer::either at that time Instructor is veiwing the changes made in 
	the page or he has purposefully stopped that page  from editing.

Instructor FAQ
--------------
que(01)I cannot see the link to control wiki?
answer::this link is visible only to Primary instructor of the course.
que(02)where do I see changes in file made?
answer::Just click on Show Changes ,you will see changes in file made with 
	reference to last change done.
que(03)I cannot read Show changes file ?  
answer::you will see for each version few lines are common
	1.4 (version number)
	log
	@x
	@
	text 
	
	after above lines you will see some text there,this is the change that
	that have been made in each file.
	You will notice last version is complete file and version 1.1 is 
	usually blank indicating no changes from original version .

que(04)how do I approve the changes done by student ?
answer::First go through all pages if you found only one page suitable 
	for approval ,just choose page name from drop down menu
	and write its version number.Click on Show Page.As soon as page 
	appears click on save original button.This will approve that page.
		But if you like more than one page,you will have to merge
	that page on original page.In that case you first click on 
	Disable edit.This will stop students making any other changes in file.
	Now write the version number of page to which you want your page 
	to merge.Click on merge now.After first merge is completed write 
	next version and again press mergenow untill you have ,merged all 
	suitable pages .If there is conflict view the temporarily 
	merged page by pressing show merge conflict.It will show the 
	temporary merged page.now remove the conflict from page,remove symbol
	">>>>>>>" from last line of merged page.now press save merged page.
		Note you will have to make sure that you remove all conflicts
	 before pressing merge done button.

que(05)what will happen if I press merge done before removing the conflict.
answer::If you save a conflicted page by pressing merge done ,student 
	will veiw conflicted page.Also there will be rcs warning to remove 
	the conflict if the page is merged again.
		
		
 	
	


